Zenefits Interview Project

This project is a web based application that provides a query box and a search button and thencalls the google maps places library in order to return information about the location
queried. Once location is queried user will receive information on

Weather of the city that the address is in. This is done through calling Yahoo Weather API.
Along with weather, user will also get forecast and a weather icon. Weather icon is provided
from jackd248 on Github under the Creative Commons License. 

	Jackd248 Github: https://github.com/jackd248/weather-iconic
	Yahoo Weathers API: https://developer.yahoo.com/weather/

User will get locational pictures of area searched if the location is broad. If the location 
is a specified address, no photos will be returned, as google Places API does not return 
photos of exact address. Thought was put into finding locational photos of city that the 
address is located in, but problem occur as the Places Library does not return an exact city 
variable, but a string array of the whole address that will be needed to be parsed and then 
another API request redone. Since this is a client side project only, this would be very 
taxing on the browser, thus such feature was not included. 

User will get Google Maps location of the place search. If the place is not specified, 
google maps has predetermined location for broad address searches.

	Map API: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/map-simple 

User will get marker showing location on map. Clicking the marker will return information to 
user about said location. Information includes  sunrise, sunset, humidity, and pressure. 
Information is obtained through Yahoo Weathers API. 

	Marker API: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/markers
	Yahoo Weathers API: https://developer.yahoo.com/weather/

User will also get generic web page navigation bar. Bar include placeholder buttons along 
with login button, that pops up login window for proof of concept. This was done to show 
features included in the css bootstrap library.  

	Bootstrap Library: http://getbootstrap.com/

PREREQUISITES
	Web application can be run on any modern web browser.

	Web Browser include:
		Current version of Microsoft Edge (Windows)
		Itnernet Explorer 10 and 11 (Windows)
		Current and Previous Versions of Firefox (Windows, macOS, Linux)
		Current and Previous Versions of Chrome (Windows, macOS, Linux)
		Current and Previous versions of Safari (macOS)
		Current version of Chrome on Android 4.1+
		Chrome WebView on Android 4.4+
		Mobile Safari on the current and previous major version of iOS
		Current version of Chrome for iOS

INSTALLING

	Download folder locally. Open browser of choice, go to file, then open, locate local
	folder, open index.html.

RUNNING
	
	User can enter location of choice in search bar, and either hit search button, or 
	a location that pops up under the search box. Once search has occured, user can click
	through photo wheel and interact with the map, including clicking on the marker for
	information. 

BUILD WITH
	
	HTML
	CSS
	JavaScript
	JQuery
	Google Maps API
	Google Places API
	Yahoo Weather API
	Jackd248 Weather Icons
	Bootstrap

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS / THOUGHT

Special thanks to Zenefits for giving me this oppurunity to interview. 
